Update start-restart-grafana.md (#72737)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/start-restart-grafana.md

Restart methods differ depending on whether you installed Grafana using Homebrew or as standalone macOS binaries.

### Start Grafana using Homebrew

> Use the [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) start command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start Grafana using [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/), run the following start command:
```
